This week, we learned
a lot about how to extend
reinforce learning for
the tabular case to
function approximation.
In many real-world problems,
it is not practical to enumerate
every possible state in a table.
So moving to function
approximation is
a big step in making
reinforce learning more
broadly applicable.
In this video, we'll do
a quick recap of
what we've learned.
We've covered a lot
of material already,
and it's easy to get lost in
all the different concepts.
Select step back and see how
this week's topics fit
into the bigger picture.
This maps shows all
the different algorithms
we've covered
in this specialization and how
they relate to each other.
Remember, the map only shows
the items we present
in the specialization.
The main conceptual change
this week was moving to
the framework of parameterized
function approximation.
This means, we are
no longer using
a table to store
the value of each state.
This puts us on
the left side of the map.
Our discussion of
average reward will come later.
For now, let's focus over here.
This week, we focus on
the policy evaluation problem.
We cover two algorithms.
Gradient Monte Carlo
and Semi-Gradient TD.
Gradient Monte Carlo makes
updates at the end
of each episode.
TD bootstraps using
the value estimate
and the next time step.
So it does not need to wait
until the end of
an episode to learn.
Now that we've got
the big picture,
let's do a quick recap
of some of the details.
We described a parameterized
value function as
a mapping from states
to real numbers.
The output is
controlled by a vector
of real valued weights W.
We use the notation
V hat of S and
W to represent the
approximate value function.
This indicates that
the value estimate is determined
by the current state and
the learn weight vector.
One example of a parameterized
value function is
a linear function of
fixed or expert design features.
Another example is
a neural network.
We talked about
two key properties of
function approximation,
generalization and
discrimination.
Updating the value
of one state can
improve the value estimates
of other states.
This generalization can
make learning faster.
We also want our value
function to assign
different values when
states are very different.
We call this discrimination.
Next, we discussed
how to use ideas from
supervised learning to learn
approximate value functions.
We cannot guarantee
perfect approximation
for every state's value.
So we need to define
an objective,
a measure of the distance between
our approximation
and the true values.
We use the Mean
Squared value or objective.
The sum of the squared error
between the value
of each state and
our approximate value weighted
by the visitation frequency Mu.
We discussed how
stochastic gradient descent
can be used to optimize
their objective.
The Gradient Monte Carlo
algorithm performs
stochastic gradient descent using
sampled returns to
update the weights.
This means, it can learn
approximate value from
the experience generated by
an agent interacting
with the world.
We also introduced
semi gradient TD
as an approximation to
stochastic gradient descent.
Semi-Gradient TD takes
advantage of bootstrapping,
and in practice may converge
much faster than Monte Carlo.
Semi-Gradient part
of the name reminds
us that it's not
a gradient descent algorithm.
Finally, we discussed
the linear Semi-Gradient
TD algorithm
or TD with linear
function approximation.
Linear TD provably converges
to a well-understood point.
You now have a good
foundation to understand
reinforce learning with
parameterized functions.
Next, we will discuss different
ways to construct state,
and state action features.
Until next time.